Defaulting to xdg directory for history files (#217)
phpcr/phpcr-shell: CHANGELOG.md

Changelog
=========

1.5.0
-----

> - Moving the history file from the home directory to the `XDG_DATA_HOME` directory #217

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If `XDG_DATA_HOME` is defined, it is now used as location where to store the history.
  If you have set `XDG_DATA_HOME` to something else than `HOME`, you can preserve your phpcr-shell history by moving the directory `~/.history_PHPCRSH` to `$XDB_DATA_HOME/.history_PHPCRSH`.
```
